Add release note to old version `5.13.0` for incompatibility of Apache5 and SCC (#1939)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-java/release-notes/release-notes-0-to-14.mdx

- OpenAPI QueryParameters are now encoded

### 🐛 Known Issues

> - Using latest Apache HttpClient 5 to connect to SAP Cloud Connector / OnPremise, may result in "403 Forbidden" responses due to TLS compatibility issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using the latest Apache HttpClient 5 to connect to on-premise systems (via SAP Cloud Connector), may result in "403 Forbidden" responses due to a TLS compatibility issue.
```
